docs: Updating wording and nits in the README.md (#992)
meta-llama/llama-stack: README.md

[**Quick Start**](https://llama-stack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/index.html) | [**Documentation**](https://llama-stack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) | [**Colab Notebook**](./docs/getting_started.ipynb)

> Llama Stack standardizes the core building blocks that simplify AI application development. It codified best practices across the Llama ecosystem. More specifically, it provides

Reviewer: pre-existing: should be `codifies`

- **Unified API layer** for Inference, RAG, Agents, Tools, Safety, Evals, and Telemetry.

> - **Plugin architecture** to support the rich ecosystem of implementing different APIs in various environments, including local development, on-premises, cloud, and mobile.

Reviewer: not sure about the first part of this change. `rich ecosystem of implementations` is a valid phrase we would like to retain.

Author: Yes it wasn't the `rich ecosystem of implementations` the change was intended to get rid of the double `of`. 

What about this:

`to support the rich ecosystem of implementations with different APIs in different environments`

> - **Plugin architecture** to support the rich ecosystem of implementations with different APIs in various environments, including local development, on-premises, cloud, and mobile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Plugin architecture** to support the rich ecosystem of different implementations of the APIs in various environments, including local development, on-premises, cloud, and mobile.
```

Author: Hmm, what about this
```suggestion
- **Plugin architecture** to support the rich ecosystem of different API implementations in various environments, including local development, on-premises, cloud, and mobile.
```

</div>

### Llama Stack Benefits
- **Flexible Options**: Developers can choose their preferred infrastructure without changing APIs and enjoy flexible deployment choices.

> - **Consistent Experience**: With its unified APIs, Llama Stack makes it easier to build, test, and deploy AI implementations with consistent application behavior.

Reviewer: why not `AI applications` (pre-existing)?

Author: was just trying to vary up the language. But `applications` def works!

- **Robust Ecosystem**: Llama Stack is already integrated with distribution partners (cloud providers, hardware vendors, and AI-focused companies) that offer tailored infrastructure, software, and services for deploying Llama models.

By reducing friction and complexity, Llama Stack empowers developers to focus on what they do best: building transformative generative AI applications.

### API Providers

> Here is a list of the various API providers and available distributions that can help developers get started easily with Llama stack. 

Reviewer 3: I believe `Llama Stack` is the name of the project. So upper case both words?

Author: Yes thats right, nice catch! Fixing now
